frame/examples/offchain-worker/README.md, before:

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
# Offchain Worker Example Pallet

The Offchain Worker Example: A simple pallet demonstrating
concepts, APIs and structures common to most offchain workers.

Run `cargo doc --package pallet-example-offchain-worker --open` to view this module's
documentation.

- [`pallet_example_offchain_worker::Trait`](./trait.Trait.html)
- [`Call`](./enum.Call.html)
- [`Module`](./struct.Module.html)

**This pallet serves as an example showcasing Substrate off-chain worker and is not meant to be
used in production.**

## Overview

In this example we are going to build a very simplistic, naive and definitely NOT
production-ready oracle for BTC/USD price.
Offchain Worker (OCW) will be triggered after every block, fetch the current price
and prepare either signed or unsigned transaction to feed the result back on chain.
The on-chain logic will simply aggregate the results and store last `64` values to compute
the average price.
Additional logic in OCW is put in place to prevent spamming the network with both signed
and unsigned transactions, and custom `UnsignedValidator` makes sure that there is only
one unsigned transaction floating in the network.

License: Unlicense

Commit message:

Use historical block height instead of weight. Update docs

frame/examples/offchain-worker/README.md, after:

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
# Skynet Offchain Worker Example Pallet

The Skynet Offchain Worker Example: A simple pallet demonstrating
simple interaction with the Skynet Substrate SDK in the context of an offchain workers.
Based on the Offchain Worker Example Pallet

Run `cargo doc --package pallet-example-offchain-worker --open` to view this module's
documentation.

- [`Config`]
- [`Pallet`]

**This pallet serves as an example showcasing Substrate off-chain worker using Skynet andis not meant to
be used in production.**

## Overview

In this example we are going to build a very simplistic, naive and definitely NOT
production-ready off-chain data publisher and consumer using Skynet.

Offchain Worker (OCW) will be triggered after every block, fetch the "historical block heght"
saved by this node and then update this value using the current block height before persisting to Skynet.
By using a resolver skylink, access to the latest value is consistent across any Skynet portal.
You could also change the "data key" to, for example, save historical blockheight per a day, at predictable
resolver skylinks for your web application.
In the example, we have hard-coded keys, but you will likely want to incorporate ed25519 keys from
your node.

License: Unlicense

## Running the Node

Make sure you are using Rust nightly with the wasm toolchain installed.

Please `cd` into this directory and run:

```
cargo run --release -- --dev --offchain-worker --tmp
```
